Update firewall instructions (#12493)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/cluster_agent/admission_controller.md

- The admission controller doesn't inject the environment variables `DD_VERSION, DD_ENV`, and `DD_SERVICE` if they already exist.
- To disable the admission controller injection feature, use the Cluster Agent configuration: `DD_ADMISSION_CONTROLLER_INJECT_CONFIG_ENABLED=false`
- By using the Datadog admission controller, users can skip configuring the application pods using downward API ([step 2 in Kubernetes Trace Collection setup][3]).

> - If you are using a private cluster and your configuration is not getting injected into your pods, open a firewall rule for the control plane to talk to the Datadog webhook. In this case, ensure port 443 is open via the firewall port as indicated here: [add firewall rules in GCP](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/private-clusters#add_firewall_rules).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are using a private cluster and your configuration is not getting injected into your pods, open a firewall rule for the control plane to talk to the Datadog webhook. In this case, ensure that the firewall rules open port 443 as described in [Adding firewall rules in GCP][4].
```

Reviewer: ... and add line 164:
```
[4]: https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/docs/how-to/private-clusters#add_firewall_rules
```
